1. Test Data Management - Product Overview (docs)

TDM integrates with Informatica apps (and others) to
manage non-production data in an organizaiton. (protecting PII)

Specifically, it allows creation of a smaller copy
of the production data and masking of sensitive data.

1. Data Discovery: 
    used to run sensititve field profiles to identify
    the columns that contain sensitive data. Defines data domains to identify
    sensitive data columns by patterns in the data or column metadata.
    You can run primary/foreign key profiles to discover parent/child
    table relationship constraints.

2. Data Subset: 
    used to create a small environment for testing and 
    development and you can define the data type of the subset (based on
    time, function, or geographic location [a time based data subset might
    include recent transactions from all invoice data in a production system]).

3. Data Masking:
    applies masking rules to source columns and data domains... masking techniques
    include substitution masking, shuffle masking, key masking, and encryption
        Techniques:
            1. Advanced: applies techniques to multiple input and output columns. 
                You can create an expression to combine multiple columns, you can
                mask all datatypes.
            2. credit card number masking
            3. email address masking
            4. encryption of source data, you can assign an encryption method to
                mask the data with, you can encrypt string data types
            5. expression: apply an expression to a column to create or disguise
                data. Use expression masking if the expression referenes one column. 
                If the expression includes multiple columns, use the calculated 
                masking technique with advanced masking, you can mask all data types.
            6. IP address masking
            7. Key: produces deterministic results for the same source data, masking
                rules, and seed value. You can mask date, numeric, and string datatypes
            8. Mapplet: applies masking rules from a mapplet (which contains the logic
                to mask the input columns and return data to the target and can have
                multiple input and output columns)
            9. Nullification: replaces a column of data with null value, you can mask
                datatypes
            10. phone numbers
            11. random: produces random, non-repeatable results for the same source data
                and masking rules (opposite of Key), you can mask date, numeric, and 
                string datatypes
            12. shuffle: applies sensitive column values from one row to another row in
                the same table. You can restrict which rows to shuffle data from. You can
                mask date, numeric, and string datatypes
            13. SIN: social insurance numbers, you can mask a string datatypes
            14. SSN: can mask numeric, date, and string
            15. Substitution: replaces a column of data with similar, but unrelated data 
                from a dictionary. You can mask date, numeric, and string datatypes
            16. URL: applies a built-in mask format to disguise URL data, you can mask a 
                string datatypes


4. Data Generation:
    creating a testing environment with non-prod data, TDM generates data in a 
    schema that can be used for testing

